Create ui-c8y-1021-32-0-asset-notes-angular-js-migration.md (#2813)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1021-32-0-asset-notes-angular-js-migration.md

---
date: ""

> title: Asset notes AngularJS  migration.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Asset notes migrated from AngularJS to Angular
```

> title: Asset notes AngularJS  migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Asset notes widget migrated from AngularJS to Angular
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3090
version: 1021.32.0
---

> Asset notes AngularJS  migration.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
As part of the continuous modernization efforts, the asset notes functionality has been migrated from the outdated AngularJS framework to the newer Angular framework. Users will now experience improved performance, responsiveness, and a more modern user interface when viewing and editing asset notes. This migration ensures better maintainability and compatibility with future browser versions, without impacting the functionality or existing asset notes data.
```

> Asset notes AngularJS  migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of ongoing improvements to the Device Management application, an asset notes widget has been created in Angular, migrating the existing one.
```

> As part of ongoing improvements to the Device Management application, an asset notes widget has been created in Angular, migrating the existing one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As part of ongoing improvements to the Device Management application, the "Asset notes" widget has been migrated to from AngularJS to Angular.
```
